hi this is marker she went out from
healthy chef you calm and say I've had
requests that having vinegar how you
make your own vinegar
and it's so so easy because we all we
all have a wine around and basically
make some high quality wine vinegar you
want to really avoid distilled vinegar
because the still vinegar sort of gets
remember to your system they're they're
distilled and they're not nap so they're
highly highly acidic however things like
an apple cider vinegar which are
fermented from basically like this print
here is fermented from organic apple
juice to leave out on the counter and
basically ferment of course quite fun
this is felt before you've noticed Ilia
since on the ass inside it's very
appetizing your body so you want to
avoid all like red wine vinegar white
wine vinegars campaigns inner those are
all distilled vinegar so you want to get
those come out of your kitchen your diet
those are very detrimental to your
health thumbs up so how many shoe how to
make high quality red wine vinegar
because you just can't find good quality
red wine vinegar on the market now
basically why if you leave it alone pop
the cork off again some hair and spent
the bottle after a month two months a
year you're gonna have a big soup of
vinegar in here that's what's gonna
happen to your wine it's very simple
process that oxidizes air gets in there
terms of vinegar will alter the term
oh this wine is turned to vinegar that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna do it on
a bigger scale I've got an oak a nice
local barrel but hold bourbon barrel so
we're gonna make some bourbon infused
with washed-out really good because they
like to char the inside washed out a
little good we got everything out
it's still a little bit of a note of
apartment on there but I think the red
wine Avenue is an overpower that's a
vinegar but we're gonna be able to reuse
this and reuse this what's going on
you're moving so much you're making me
dizzy
okay we were on a time schedule but I
guess not I gotta find my brother okay
something exciting about this your sign
about this keyboard keyboards excited it
was very exciting eyes because I told
him he can't use red wine vinegar in the
kitchen and he's like you're killing
that I need red wine vinegar it's the
still we can't use them use apple cider
vinegar yeah but it's not really what
I'm looking to do on certain things so I
want to kind of hopefully offer your
bourbon producer you can also go online
to Life Container Store or any other
social classes by my mouth the last
container look like was a big important
topics cuz the air will permeate there
that will make
so you couldn't make your own starter
and out of apple cider vinegar or where
you could make your own starter and out
of this bozo
we're gonna we're going to do the
speaking process we're gonna take some
vinegar the general processes the
general ratio is you want to take four
parts wine to one part apple cider
vinegar over the course of the month
you're going to have your own vinegar
one make series the organic unfiltered
unpasteurized
so we're going to
this is gonna be enough to really do all
this nice thing about this this when you
have leftover wine you don't like the
bottle water just pour it right into
your mixture and go with it and if you
do final barrel you have to make sure
you season the barrel by filling it up
with water letting it sit out for a few
days with the plug in it because if it's
not gonna be useful while you will have
a new little leaf a little bit on you so
by sitting with water and expands your
finis direction it's gonna seal any of
the holes so here's the key idea or
putting in a large bear so any wine
again that you don't like you want to
throw in is perfect
any wine and started to go bad you can
put in here's one wine and everyone who
tasted they'll save a little bit it was
is a block over the water
I'm a bottle of shutting off the top of
the bar that was bad or we open if it's
gonna make its way
it entails that you know white-red
here's a little bit of white wine
because they'll add a little bit of
white wine in here so you want to leave
this at room temperature about the
course of a month and now what's gonna
happen is a month this is gonna turn
into all wine vinegar that seaport is
gonna use you one day barrel just go in
two and a half gallon barrel I also
bought a seven gallon barrel serving
wine in their station over there in the
wine
so my suggestion when you drink wine at
home you leave a little bit of the glass
or glass just line them up stick the
courses online I'll put them in the
closet but it's time to do this to trap
so that's me to do it so now we have
filled up here filled up really nice
this is permeable we've always wanted an
air gap in here you see what Hashem is
keeping oxidized and make your vinegar
remember wine in the bottle this
airtight that's important no action gets
to it as wine once the air gets to a
nice-nice to transmit occur so now you
want to use this very carefully this or
like a beretta starter I company a
bullish for yeast waddle Dee's you take
this you don't want to empty it all out
on one shot you basically want to use a
bit of times you can tap it and pour it
out and keep adding to it you keep
speeding it which is the neat thing so
this is
the simple way to make vinegar any
vinegar please yeah by that one phone
ringing phones ringing they're like
crazy right now so let's change camera
people so so leave this out real
temperature for a month
keep it filled up halfway to 3/4 of the
way keep it have any wine use a drink
people having wattage don't like if I
keep putting it in here I've been a huge
advocate for a while taking old wine
that you don't like or why you don't
like their glass not making sangria
here's the way to take the really bad
stuff you wouldn't want to drink then
just throw it right in the air let it do
its thing for a month it's gonna turn to
vinegar it's gonna be awesome awesome
stuff in the Nazi Party more can't wait
for this so check back with us in a
month I'm going to send us out at the
bar ferment that we're gonna keep adding
to and taking from it
finest and healthy shop dude calm or on
Twitter and healthy shaft dude I'm a
chef on a mission bring you guys better
food healthier food we can all do it
till then you are what you ferment I
guess right
top button here Josh